Mention the source OSP should be updated to the latest patch release (#679)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_deploying-backend-services.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * The cloud that you want to adopt is running, and it is on the {OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver} latest patch release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The cloud that you want to adopt is running, and it is on the latest minor version of {OpenStackShort} {rhos_prev_ver}.
```
